docs: update with new features (#213)
Apicurio/apicurio-registry-operator: docs/modules/ROOT/partials/ref-registry-pod-spec.adoc

[#pod-spec]
// Do not forget to update link text in related xref(s). Antora does not support automatic name if the link has a fragment.
= Configuring {registry} deployment using `PodTemplate`.

> WARNING: This is a preview feature, which may evolve in the future releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: This is a Technology Preview feature, which may evolve in the future releases.
```

Reviewer: Suggest adding the following instead for downstream docs:  

ifdef::service-registry[]
IMPORTANT: This is a Technology Preview feature only. Technology Preview features are not supported with Red Hat production service level agreements (SLAs) and might not be functionally complete. Red Hat does not recommend using them in production.
            
These features provide early access to upcoming product features, enabling customers to test functionality and provide feedback during the development process. For more information about the support scope of Red Hat Technology Preview features, see https://access.redhat.com/support/offerings/techpreview.
endif::[]

Make sure to test that your deployment works as expected before using this feature in production.
Review the release notes of future releases for updates.

`ApicurioRegistry` CRD now contains the `spec.deployment.podSpecPreview` field, that has the same structure as the field `spec.template.spec` in a Kubernetes deployment resource (the `PodSpec` struct in `PodTemplate`).

> With some restrictions, the {operator} will forward the data from this field to the corresponding field in {registry} deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With some restrictions, the {operator} will forward the data from this field to the corresponding field in the {registry} deployment.
```

> This provides greater configuration flexibility, without the need for {operator} to natively support each use-case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This provides greater configuration flexibility, without the need for {operator} to natively support each use case.
```

> The following table contains a list of subfields that will not be accepted by the operator, and will result in a configuration error:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table contains a list of subfields that will not be accepted by the Operator, and will result in a configuration error:
```

| `containers[*].args`
| reserved
| -

| `containers[*].command`
| reserved
| -

| `containers[*].env`
| alternative exists
| `spec.configuration.env`

ifdef::apicurio-registry[]
| `containers[*].image`
| alternative exists
| `spec.deployment.image`
endif::[]
ifdef::service-registry[]
| `containers[*].image`
| reserved
| -
endif::[]

| `containers[*].name`
| reserved
| -

| `containers[*].ports`
| reserved
| -

| `containers[*].workingDir`
| reserved
| -

| `ephemeralContainers`
| reserved
| -

| `imagePullSecrets`
| alternative exists
| `spec.deployment.imagePullSecrets`

| `initContainers`
| reserved
| -

| `tolerations`
| alternative exists
| `spec.deployment.tolerations`

|===

If you are setting a field in `podSpecPreview` or `podSpecPreview.containers[0]`, its value must be valid, as if you configured it in the {registry} deployment directly.
The {operator} may still modify the values you provided, but it will not fix an invalid value or make sure a default value is present.
For example, if you configure `spec.deployment.podSpecPreview.containers[0].resources.limits`, then the resource requests will be empty.

> NOTE: We are providing an option to configure `PodSpec` and not the full `PodTemplate` because {registry} pod annotations and labels can already be configured using the `spec.deployment.metadata.annotations` and `spec.deployment.metadata.labels` fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: {operator} provides an option to configure `PodSpec` and not the full `PodTemplate` because {registry} pod annotations and labels can already be configured using the `spec.deployment.metadata.annotations` and `spec.deployment.metadata.labels` fields.
```
